_The clicking that has been following you since your departure suddenly stops, the silence after that gradual noise hits like a freight train. The rocking of the boat, your constant companion in this place, finally works in your favour, and just as you're walking past a set of corridors you hear the sound of something slipping and hitting the deck. A wet thud and a gelatinous sliding sound comes from around the corner, giving you a few moments to prepare before a chitinous abomination comes sliding from around the corner._

_The thing in front of you is hideous, horrific, and tragically human. A security lanyard hangs around its neck identifying it as Maria Callose, but the thing in front of you doesn't resemble the smiling young brunette on what looks to be her first day. Instead what looks back at you is a human face worn by a preying mantis. Chitinous mandibles have speared their way out of her cheeks and ripped her mouth into a twisted smile, that oil you've seen pouring slowly out of the wounds. It's skin is pallid and vein-y, stretched slightly too thin and sodden with oil like a corpse bloated by seawater. The veins behind the sallow skin glow with a bright purple, and the slitted pupils of its eyes burn with that same magenta hue. It has one misshapen blade-like limb hovering over it's shoulder like a spear ready to thrust, leaking that same purple fluid from its stinger-tipped barb. The things right arm is swollen with what looks to be a crab-claw still buried in flesh and bone, incapable of moving or opening; while its left arm has only has sharp points on the ends of its fingers._

_Another two of them walk out, both sick parodies of the people they once were, but these two are clearly less far along than the first you met. They have the swollen flesh and purple veins, but each only have a single change to their bodies. One is a maw filled with massive fangs that drip that purple poison, and the other has a stubby tail extending from its spine and wriggling like a worm; it's hard exoskeleton not fully formed leaving a pale fleshy protuberance remaining._

